So what is.
React Native.
Let's start with the react part.
Although no one asked react.
Yes.
Which is the name of that library and I do expect that you know what react J is this.
You don't have to be an expert in react.
Yes but you should know what reaction is.
Nonetheless let's briefly summarize what it is so did we're on the same page.
It's a javascript library for building user interfaces.
That's the official definition.
That is what react the end it runs on javascript and it's good at building user interfaces.
Typically we use react in web development for building Web apps but it's important to understand and
react itself.
The library actually makes no assumption about what we're building with it because it's actually another
library which you also use when you're building Web apps with react that is responsible for rendering
something on through the screen.
And that's the react DRM library.
Now in every react for a web project you're working on you will call react on render at some point of
time and hand off the react app to that method to actually render something onto the screen.
And that's the library that knows about the Web and knows how to well render HD him elements as on react
itself is platform agnostic.
It's just a library that's good at building trees of components of finding out whether something changed
if something needs to be re rendered off managing state of passing data around.
But it does so in an abstract way which is why you can use react on any platform.
You're not restricted to the browser to HD him out to the Web.
You can use the logic react gives you anywhere it's to react DRM part that then knows how to work with
HD him at the end zone and that is super important to understand because that's important when we think
about react native react native as a separate library which in the end is a collection of special react
components it gives you so a collection of components you can use in your react app and these components
are special because react native actually knows how to translate them how to compile these components
to native widgets for ISIS and for Android so react native kind of is like react dumb it knows how to
talk to native platform to Android ISIS and how to render native widgets and it gives you a bunch of
these widgets as React Components so that you can build a user interface with these compiler all components
so to say because you won't be able to use your regular divs and age 1 in paragraph tax in week native
apps because there are no direct equivalents for debt in native code but I'll come back to that now
besides giving you these components React Native is a bit more than that it also gives you access to
some native platform API is for example it helps you use the device camera.
So things like that common tasks you would want to do in native apps and in general react native gives
you tools to connect javascript code to native platform code because you typically build or react native
app by mostly writing javascript code or depending on the app you're building by entirely writing javascript
code.
Now I say mostly at least that's a possibility because you can also write native code for ISIS or Android
and react native gives you the tools to connect your javascript code to the native code though that's
a bit more advanced and in many apps you will never need debt and therefore React Native gives you full
flexibility it gives you a way of connecting javascript to native code and it also gives you a lot of
pre-built native features which are conveniently usable from inside your javascript code.
So if you den combine React Native in the features that gives you with react J.S. which knows how to
update the user interface and how to control are user interface then you get everything you need to
compile a real native mobile app and that's all the what React Native gives you it gives you everything
you need to then take your javascript code and compile that to a real native mobile app which you can
and shipped the App Store for ISIS or to the Google Play store for Android.
So you get a real native mobile app as a result in the end.